README.md, before:

# [![Maxime Bounaas Header](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/github_header.png)](https://maxime-ferret.vercel.app/)

### Hey there 👋

## I'm a Fullstack Javascript Developer
### I help people build their tech product, without the headache 🚀

- I work with React, Next and Node since 2018 ✨
- I'm currently learning Machine Learning 📚
- I develop Responsive web Apps 📱
- I place the business goals first 📈  
- I'm currently available for missions ✔

### A few projects I've worked on 👇
- [WP Umbrella](https://wp-umbrella.com/fr/) : A WordPress plugin that helps freelancers and agencies manage tens or hundreds of WordPress instances in a single interface.
- [Bedrock Forms](https://bedrockstreaming.github.io/forms/) : An open-source configurable form builder from json configuration, built on top of [react-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [ChatGPT Prompt Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chatgpt-prompts-extension/ckhihbceepaknkghjpmhnbbilhijcohb?hl=fr&authuser=0) : A Google Chrome Extension that helps you manage your best prompts directly inside of ChatGPT

### The tech I'm used to 👇
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/jsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/reactLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/nextjsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/typescriptLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/mongodbLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/nodejsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/sassLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/firebaseLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/pythonLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/netlifyLogo.png" /> </a>

### Find me here 👇
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximebounaasferret/"> <img height="30" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/social_linkedin.png" /> </a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.malt.fr/profile/maximebounaas"> <img height="30" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/social_malt.png" /> </a>

Commit message:

Update README by showcasing much more projects
Updated professional title and project list in README.

README.md, after:

# [![Maxime Bounaas Header](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/github_header.png)](https://maxime-ferret.vercel.app/)

### Hey there 👋

## I'm a Fullstack Software engineer
### I help people build their tech product, without the headache 🚀

- I work with web technologies since 2018 ✨
- I'm currently deep in the worlds of AI coding, local-first development and MacOS dev 📚
- I develop Responsive web Apps 📱
- I place the business goals first 📈  
- I'm currently available for missions ✔

### A few projects I've worked on / I work on 👇

- [Momentum: MacOS Screen recording app](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/momentum-capture)
- [OpenChatbot: Open-source desktop app to run local inference](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/open-chatbot-electron)
- [SuperSimpleAnalytics: Simpler than Google analytics, easily deploy on a VPS](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/super-simple-analytics)
- [Chrome Network Analyzer: Chrome extension that adds a better "Network" panel in devtool, for reverse-engineers](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/network-analyzer-chrome-extension)
- [docs-to-llm: Open-source CLI tool to convert any documentation into a llm.txt file](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/docs-to-llm)
- [Google Maps Scraper for Desktop: A Desktop application that reverse-engineers Google maps for faster prospection](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/google-maps-reverse-engineered-electron-app)
- [Minimailer: Desktop application to automate gmail oputreach](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/minimailer-electron)
- [LinkedIn Profile Previewer Chrome: Easily preview changes made on your profile before actual update](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/linkedin-profil-previewer-chrome-extension)
- [Youtube Short Disabler: Remove shorts from your Youtube homepage](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/youtube-shorts-disabler-chrome-extension)
- [My macos scripts, exported to path](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/personal-global-commands-for-macos)
- [ChatGPT Prompt Library Chrome: Chrome extension that lets you save and manage prompts within the ChatGPT UI](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/gpt-prompt-library-chrome-extension)
- [FolderToASCIITree: CLI tool to create an ASCII tree design given a folder](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/folder-to-ascii-tree)
- [ProductHunt Scraper: Puppeteer automation to scrape ProductHunt products](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/producthunt-scraper)
- [LinkedIn AutoConnect: Chrome extension that automate sending of invites on the search page, by controlling the browser](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/linkedin-autoconnect-chrome-extension)
- [Gmaps Scraper Chrome: Chrome extension to scrape Google Maps results](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/google-map-contact-scraper-chrome-extension)
- [Malt Scraper Chrome: Chrome extension that scrapes Malt profiles and exports to CSV](https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/malt-scraper-chrome-extension)


### The tech I'm used to 👇
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/jsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/reactLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/nextjsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/typescriptLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/mongodbLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/nodejsLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/sassLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/firebaseLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/pythonLogo.png" /> </a>
<a> <img height="40" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/netlifyLogo.png" /> </a>

### Find me here 👇
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximebounaasferret/"> <img height="30" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/social_linkedin.png" /> </a>
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.malt.fr/profile/maximebounaas"> <img height="30" src="https://github.com/MaximeBF2000/MaximeBF2000/blob/master/social_malt.png" /> </a>
